[pull] primary from flybywiresim:primary (#110)
Valastiri/fbw-userguide: docs/beginner-guide/preparing-mcdu.md

    * Using the keypad type in `117.45` and press LSK1L. This will auto populate the identifier of the VOR when within range. 
    * You can also set the desired course to track `031` and press LSK2L to input it. 

    ^^Departure ILS^^

    When selecting your SID earlier in the flight plan section, the A32NX should have auto-populated the ILS/LOC frequency. If it hasn't you can manually insert it yourself for centerline guidance on take off. 

    Our departure runway is EGFF/30 (runway 30) which has a frequency of `110.7`. When inputting a frequency and you are in range of the ILS it will auto populate the indentifier and course for you there is no need to fill these fields.

    * Using the keypad type in `110.7` and press LSK3 to input it.

    ^^Arrival ILS^^

>     If you inputted a STAR into your flight plan before departure your ILS frequency may not be tuned correctly for arrival. **Ensure** that you verify your ILS frequency when you reach the arrival phase of your flight - see [Approach and Landing (ILS)](landing.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With an ILS or LOC approach selected, your arrival ILS frequency should be automatically tuned correctly when within 250 NM of the destination. **Ensure** that you verify your ILS frequency when you reach the arrival phase of your flight - see [Approach and Landing (ILS)](landing.md). 
```

Reviewer: The approach will be tuned whenever at climb phase or greater, within 250 NM of destination, and an ILS or LOC approach is selected. It will update if the approach is changed.

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

I've combined the sentence to ->  With an ILS or LOC approach selected, your arrival ILS frequency should be automatically tuned correctly whenever the aircraft is at climb phase or greater and within 250 NM of destination.

So all factors are explained.
